
I — Inner Wasteland
The shrill cry of crows shook the window panes. And those calls were answered by an equally shrill squawking of a parrot that sat in a wire cage. The large bird— a black lory with wings like red flames—ruffled its feathers as it screamed, sending fluffy downs into the air. Stacked at the base of the cage were piles of old newspapers decorated in milky-colored waste and empty boxes of wine. As the two avian adversaries battled it out with incessant screeching, a pile of mismatched blankets shook to reveal a woman with long auburn braids. 
She slipped the blanket just below her nose revealing her bloodshot eyes, “I’ll seriously eat both of you.” 
And as Estelle’s stomach growled aloud like a fearsome beast, it seemed likely that her threats were serious. She glared daggers at the caged bird that chirped along with no care. Estelle sighed realizing that her words meant little to her feathery friend. She enjoyed the bird’s company despite its constant chattiness. It, at least, was a more inviting sound than the rantings of her coworkers. Even the thought of seeing the slimy grins on their faces made her feel nauseated. And she had only just recovered from a bout of vomiting.
Beside her piles of scattered bedding sat dirty dishes— a bowl of partially eaten soup and a mug of thick, dark liquid. Estelle reached over to the spoon that sat in the bowl. She stirred the contents and grimaced. Day old tomato soup wasn’t her idea of a proper breakfast. But as she glanced over at the clock ticking on the wall, three in the morning wasn’t a proper time for anything.
Rubbing her eyes, the woman contemplated her existence as well as how many steps it would be to the microwave. She decided they were both too much of a hassle. But despite her attempts to hide her face beneath the thick wool of her blankets, the birds’ calling won out. Estelle groaned as she sat up in her makeshift bed.
“Well, I’m up,” she said to the caged bird, “What do you want?”
Despite her pleas, the bird said nothing legible in response. Estelle shook her head as she rose to her feet. She left her windswept and cluttered bedroom for an equally disheveled kitchen. Plates of partially-eaten food, unsorted utensils, and over-ripened fruit laid scattered on the counters. Estelle squinted her eyes, hoping the mess would disappear if she pretended it wasn’t there.
With a throat burning like she breathed fire and airways far too congested to properly breathe, Estelle sifted through her cabinets. There was only one purification liquid that could properly ease her sickness and it was red in color and smelled like gasoline. But as the woman slammed each of her drawers and cabinets in quick succession, she was unable to find the dry wine she sought.
She dug her nails into her temples. A week with the flu was one thing, but not being able to drown her misery in booze left Estelle feeling frustrated. Her eyes darted to the kettle. At the very least, she figured tea would be a good substitute. She had assembled quite the collection despite hardly being much of a tea-drinker.
Estelle sifted her hand through the bags of tea that were packaged neatly in a metal tin. She sighed as she glanced through the selection. Making choices was never her strong suit, especially when the options available seemed endless. And when she struggled to make a decision, she knew the voice in which to turn.
Hung by a magnet of an inverted cross on her refrigerator door was a series of handwritten notes. Estelle laughed as she read the lettering— “✧ A Spell for Wellness ✧.” She shook her head as she ran her fingers against the penmanship— patience like that was something she could never understand.
“You always assume I just have this kind of stuff on hand,” she said under her breath.
Slices of fresh ginger, cayenne, turmeric, half a lemon, cloves— all ingredients that assumed her groceries included anything other than booze and canned soup. Estelle appreciated the gesture in any case. Most days, it seemed like he gave more thought to her well-being than she did herself.
“If only you left some ‘spells’ that made waking up everyday bearable,” she thought as she set the note back on the fridge. Estelle plopped down at a small square table that housed one lone chair. She dug her nails into her scalp, rustling her fringe and releasing loose strands of hair from her braids.
If it weren’t for the squawking coming from her bedroom, Estelle would have curled up into the chair and fallen back to sleep. But she knew that Naamah, her prized lory, wouldn’t stand for even a moment without ample amounts of attention and snacks. Checking what was left from the fruit bowl, Estelle at least had a papaya to appease the goddess.
She rinsed a knife from her pile of unloved kitchen tools. The blade had a symbol engraved by the hilt— a five-pointed star. Estelle had always been annoyed receiving star-clad gifts. It seemed as if everyone who heard her name assumed that she needed to hoard astral paraphernalia. Had it been gifted to her from anyone else, it would’ve ended up listed on an online auctioning site. But because it was from him… Estelle chopped into the fruit, squishing it with the blunt end of the knife.
As the blade slid beside her fingers, Estelle imagined the gushing papaya juice as blood. Her mind had turned clouded from her sickness— it became clouded from many sources. And with so much that had gone wrong, Estelle wondered if she should reclaim some of that misfortune and enact it by her own hands. If she were to take her blade and stab it repeatedly into her own body— turning her smooth olive-toned flesh into a sea of blood-filled holes —she wondered what would happen and if any of it would truly matter.
Though, those thoughts were interrupted by a piercing sound. And this time, it wasn’t Naamah’s song that alerted the woman. Her ringtone was something that started as a joke between her penpal. She had always wrote to him about her fondness of hearing humans screams. Something filled with so much raw emotion— it was both beautiful and hideous all at once. And she found it endearing that he sent his own scream to alert her when her boss called. The inflection he captured was one that accurately conveyed how she felt when she heard from work.
Part of her wished to let the phone ring and accept whatever consequence would come from using more of her undocumented sick leave. But from where she stood, she saw the bills piling up at her mail slot. Another week without a paycheck would probably mean the end to hot running water and Estelle was too fond of late night bubble baths.
Hacking up her lungs to clear her throat, Estelle ran back into her bedroom to retrieve the screaming device. Between the duet of birds and her own raspy voice, she didn’t expect to be understood. But knowing her boss, she didn’t anticipate him listening to much that she had to say.
“Stella! So glad you picked up. I’ve been trying to get in touch with you all week. May just called out last minute and we have a tour that starts at six. I know you called out this week, but I was wondering if there was any chance that you might just come in for a few hours and...”
Estelle zoned out his voice as he spoke. She contemplated if she was more annoyed that he insisted on using that nickname or that he wouldn’t let her get a word in. And no amount of coughing seemed to stop him from his rant. Even in the middle of the night, that man was far too energetic for his own good. She had to wonder what cocktail of pills he was dosing to get on that level of excitement at odd hours.
When the pause came, she was too bored to argue, “The lakeside trail at six? And it’s just a shared tour? No bells and whistles? No frills?”
“Well, as always, I’d expect you to give that beautiful starry-eyed smile of yours to each-”
She gagged, “Sounds great. I’ll be there.”
As her finger glided against her screen, she heard the man’s voice darkened, “You know, we were going over our attendance sheets yesterday. You’ve had a lot of unaccounted for absences. I told the office that it must be some kind of mistake though. Our team starlet would never act so irresponsibly.”
“Sure wouldn’t.”
“You know, I was glad that I caught you up this late. Couldn’t sleep? Too busy stargazing?” he said as he laughed too hard at his own joke.
Estelle slammed her head repeatedly into the back of her pillow, “The phone just woke me up. I’ll get some rest before my shift starts. Goodnight.”
Before he could respond, she had already hung up and tossed her phone into the pile of blankets. She groaned and massaged her head. The thought of putting on a chipper facade and hiking on a brisk autumn day made Estelle question whether she would rather quit her job and allow the eviction process to take its course. But she stood once again— she had promised she would continue on. And she didn’t intend to break that promise.
Repeating the steps she needed to take seemed to always help. Feed Naamah, feed herself, get dressed, and then… Estelle slipped down to her knees. Even with it all spelled out for her, making the first move was always the most difficult step. And when she did force herself to act, she had to question why any of it mattered.
Her eyes darted to a desk built from scraps of welded metal— the altar. That was, at least, what she and her penpal always called it. That desk was the last welding project she completed during her apprenticeship. And it seemed fitting to make it her designated writing desk as those letters were the only thing motivating her to stay at that shop.
She sat down and pressed her hands against a stack of stationery and pens. A thin layer of dust had formed over the top of the parchment. She wished to let it remain. There was no use in upsetting the dust in its natural habitat. And besides, there was nothing for her to write anymore.
Naamah squawked again, capturing Estelle’s attention, “Yeah. There’s no point in stalling is there?”
Before she sat up, her fingers slid against the statue that sat on the altar— a being with the head of a goat and the body of a human. Estelle sighed. It was the last gift he sent. And as much as she felt ungrateful to say it, she’d rather destroy and burn everything he gave her if it meant hearing from him again.     
II — Chained to the Grind
Noon couldn’t have come any sooner for Estelle. Five hours of huffing gunk back up her nostrils while answering continuous questions for tourists had taken its toll. She was dizzy— her head was spinning like she was trapped in a cyclone. And while she spotted enough reasonably-sized rocks to bash in her own skull on the way back to the lodge, Estelle thought eating lunch may be a better solution.
Any time that she was able to spend in her lonesome was welcomed. Lately, it was all she craved. The words of everyone were grating into her skull. At some point, she wished that they would all go silent. Her threshold for small talk had reached its breaking point. And Estelle wondered how long it would be until she quit yet another job.
Well, it wasn’t just a matter of quitting. She had to fear being cut loose as well. Attendance wasn’t her strong suit. And neither was chatting with customers, coworkers, or bosses. In fact, Estelle didn’t believe she was suited to working at all. But circumstances expected her to do so.
Whenever she entered the nature reserve’s ranger lodge, Estelle’s first plan of action was to lower her head and power walk to the break room. It was the most effective way to navigate the halls with little to no human contact. And it helped to alleviate her eyes from the burning fluorescent lights.  
If there was any mercy left in the world, Estelle hoped that there was some leftover coffee or morning snacks in the breakroom. Stale donuts had become her staple work meal— cheap and quick. And she desperately needed a sugar rush to get through the rest of her work day.
She hadn’t checked her bank account in a few days, but from what she remembered, even a trip out to a local fast food joint would set her back from her goals of paying off her monthly bills. Starvation was a good battle plan for saving money. Unfortunately, the flu left her unable to cope with a growling stomach.
But Estelle always found a way. Whether it was a trip to the grocer to snack on free samples or raiding the breakroom fridge, she knew a free meal could always come from somewhere. Accepting charity from her coworkers was always an option too, but Estelle wanted to think of that as a last resort. After all, that only invited small talk.
As she creaked open the break room door, Estelle whispered to herself, “Lord Satan, allow me to eat my lunch free of eternal damnation.” 
Those pleas, though, went unanswered. Instead, she locked eyes with a wide-eyed blonde woman who seemed far too chipper for her own good. Estelle hoped that after a brief moment of eye contact, they could go their separate ways. But that luxury was never awarded to her.
“Hi! You’re Stella, right?” the woman said, grinning ear-to-ear, “I’m Lottie! I just started working here last week. It’s been so great meeting everyone. I feel at home here already.”
Estelle groaned. The fact that anyone could consider a place like the lodge to be their own home was mind-blowing to her. If she had as many people irking her over pointless topics in her own house, she’d welcome homelessness much sooner. But she figured she may as well humour her new coworker. After all, she seemed genuinely friendly despite being overly chatty.
“Yeah. Just Estelle. Welcome to the team. Looks like you’re getting on just fine.”
In truth, Estelle was sincere in what she said. But wondered if Lottie had attributed some form of sarcasm in her tone because the woman’s bright, cheery face turned sour. Her lips pursed together tightly and she narrowed her eyes. Not only a minute into meeting and already there was tension.
“Right. So my voice is kinda deadpan so I might s-”
Like she was possessed by a demon, Lottie’s eyes shot open again and that wide smile returned. Though, it appeared even wider than before. Estelle had to wonder if there was something ‘off’ about her new coworker. The woman’s expressions only seemed to deal in absolutes.
There was silence between them. The blonde woman kept her eyes locked on Estelle as she made her way to the refrigerator door. It was somehow menacing, Estelle thought, the way Lottie gazed at her. But she wanted to give her the benefit of the doubt. The woman was a strange one, that was for sure. And ‘strange’ was interesting to her.
“So,” Lottie said in a voice as sweet as syrup, “What do you usually do for lunch?” 
Estelle cocked her head as she watched Lottie follow her through the break room like a lost puppy. Telling her new coworker about her frugal lifestyle seemed like too much information to disclose in such a short period of time. But from the way the woman stared at her, it didn’t seem likely that she could get away without somewhat of an answer.
“I just get whatever’s quick and easy,” Estelle said as she checked through the fridge.
The usual assortment of donuts was missing and save for a carton of probably-expired milk, there wasn’t much one could eat for lunch. Estelle sighed. If she had been in her lonesome, she would’ve went back to her car to nap before her next shift. It would ease the pain of hunger from her mind and help her forget she was sickness-ridden for a few hours. But she had the feeling that Lottie wasn’t going to allow any of that to happen.  
Lottie shook her head, “Don’t tell me you don’t have anything to eat. Your cheeks look so pale. You must be starving.”
Despite huffing snot and saliva into her airways, Estelle thought it was odd that Lottie attributed her sallow complexion to be hunger-induced. Not only was the woman strange, but she was downright pushy. Estelle backed up against the counter as Lottie stepped closer to her.
“You don’t have your next shift until a few hours, don’t you? It’d probably be better to go pick something up, wouldn’t it?”
At the point, Estelle’s teeth ground together and her bones shook. Part of the chill she was experiencing was due to her flu, but she couldn’t help but get an uneasy sensation around her new ‘friend’. While in most cases she’d remedy the situation with avoidance, Lottie kept her pinned by the corner of the cabinets.
Above her head, the fluorescent lights flickered. While most likely a coincidence, it felt like even the electricity in the room was affected poorly by the tension of the situation. She wished desperately for the lights to go out so she could run into the halls as Lottie’s attention was diverted.
She thought of the breathing technique that her penpal taught her. He had given her a number of ‘spells’ to cope with unwanted situations during her workdays. He, unfortunately, hadn’t provided a spell to shatter lightbulbs nor one to get annoying people to leave her alone. But he did, at least, give her one that helped her focus and stay calm.
In the back of her mind, she pictured her fears just as he told her. She saw herself chained and tear-stained in darkness. No matter how much she thrashed or rattled her bindings, she was trapped. And the one thing Estelle feared above all else was being trapped somewhere with no hope of escape.
Her eyes glossed over. Everything in front of her became a blur. She had to disconnect. She had to disassociate from the situation. “There’s always an escape. There’s always a way out,” she repeated to herself. Lottie may have blocked her path, but she wasn’t a brick wall. Estelle knew she was overreacting and letting her fears get the better of her. And she didn’t blame the blonde woman. No one other than her penpal knew of her phobia.
Taking slow breaths, Estelle sidestepped around Lottie. The two locked eyes but said nothing. That tension only grew further. But Estelle’s mind was finally starting to ease. Standing in the open, she exhaled. “Ave Satanas,” she said in her mind.  
Lottie cackled aloud, “What’s wrong? I only bite when provoked. But I’m pretty hungry myself. How about we get lunch together?”
It was hard to discern Lottie. Her emotions and tones left Estelle wondering what the woman was truly after. But she had to wonder if that were only her paranoia talking yet again. It wasn’t in her best interest to leave an awkward first impression with a new coworker. But she also wasn’t too interested in getting to know the woman too well.
“I think I might just take it easy. I’m not feeling too well.”
“Aww,” Lottie was deadpan as she spoke, “How about I treat you? I know a really good café that just opened. Consider it a token of our new friendship.”
Pushy was an understatement. The blonde didn’t seem like someone who took no for an answer. And listening to her own stomach growl, Estelle wondered if it would be better to accept the woman’s offer and get it over with. She had to remind herself that she was safe. There was nothing that Lottie truly could do to harm her.
“Y- well… sure. Why not? If you’re offering and that’s fine by you then-”
“We can both take my car,” Lottie interrupted. 
That feeling of dread returned. Other people’s vehicles were a definite no for her. Save for ripping open the door handle and rolling through a potentially-busy intersection, Estelle had no other means of escape. Despite her attempts at being friendly, Estelle believed she had to turn down the woman yet again.
“That's fine, but I have my own. I’ll meet you there,” she said as she watched Lottie’s eyes narrow, “It’ll be an adventure finding the place.”
Like a lightbulb had been switched on, the woman turned to her usual chipper self, “Great! You can follow my car.”
Wasting no time at all, Lottie power walked to the hallway, expecting Estelle to trudge along behind her. It wasn’t the worst fate that she could imagine— she was getting free lunch after all. But Estelle couldn’t help but wonder what exactly was ‘off’ about Lottie. Though, they had only just met and she herself knew she had a tendency to be awkward around strangers.
As Estelle passed the bin on the way out of the breakroom, she noticed a pink cardboard box poking out of the trash. In most cases, the contents of a trash can wouldn’t interest her in the slightest. But she’d recognize that box anywhere as the lodge’s go-to donut supplier. Perhaps just to get one last whiff of vanilla cream, Estelle peaked inside the bin. And what she found was troubling.
“Who just throws out half a dozen donuts?” she thought to herself. 
She assumed they had to have been stale, but it was still a shame. Had Lottie not been in the breakroom, she would’ve indulged in a trashcan feast. But she thought that perhaps it was for the best. After all, her reckless lifestyle had already been getting her sick. 
III — Flickering
Following the winding trails through the mountains, Estelle wished she could take her time to enjoy the crisp autumn weather. Crunchy ruby red leaves drifted onto her windshield. She laughed as she flicked the wipers and watched them fly away into the air. It was small moments like these that Estelle loved to use as snail mail fodder. Regardless of how mundane or pointless the words were, he listened and sent a lengthy response to it all. Every day felt a lot less meaningful now that there was no one to hear about it.
Familiar sights had become boring. Estelle longed to be taken far away. And the fact the Lottie had invited her to follow along to the ‘new café in town’ left her excited that she’d experience something she hadn’t before. But as she watched the same street lights she saw every day pass her by, that excitement faded. Of all cafés in town, Lottie chose the one that sat just outside her apartment complex.
It was a miserable fate. Though, she felt there was no choice but to soldier on. After all, the prospect of fresh donuts on someone else’s tab was promising. And even if Lottie had already proved to be a weirdo, she seemed to be trying to be nice in her own creepy way. 
In Estelle’s mind, normalcy was a sham. Sure, one could play their expected role and get on just fine in society. But that would come at the expense of one’s freedom. And who truly was so pressed to fit in that they’d live their life just as the people around them expected? Sure, there was always a time and place for conformity. Finding that balance was often what made it difficult for Estelle to lock down jobs. But she felt she had become decent enough at staying under the radar.
Though, she couldn’t help but feel she had the stars aligned to help her along the way. Despite always going against the grain growing up, her looks had been her saving grace. With large doll-like eyes, warm olive skin, and soft dark curls, people never stayed angry for too long. And perhaps that was what led to much of her uncaring attitude because rarely did she have a moment where she received too much dissonance.
‘Not much’ wasn’t none at all, however. She could pretend to be a ‘normal’ pretty girl and get along with the people around her, but she couldn’t help but feel alone even among groups of people. What she yearned for was contact on a deeper level— someone who she could open up to and tell her every thought. The problem was, though, that not all of her thoughts were pleasant. Opening her mouth got her into just as much trouble as her appearance got her out of.
Someone like Lottie probably couldn’t fill the void that Estelle sought to close, but she seemed to be more entertaining than most of the people at the lodge. Her weirdness only made her a more promising candidate of a lunchtime conversation partner. Despite wanting to avoid everyone and everything, Estelle did find it nice to have a place to release the thoughts weighing in on her mind. Finding someone who would fulfill that role… well, it was seemingly impossible even the first time.
Lottie’s vehicle parked at the back end of the café’s lot. Estelle pulled up alongside, narrowly avoiding the dead possum that laid on the pavement. She shook her head and whipped open the door of her rusted black van. “I feel you pal, I’ll be right there with you,” she said as she walked out towards the shop’s awning.
“Have you been here before? I’m here all the time and I don’t think I’ve seen you once,” Lottie said as she wiggled out of the front seat.
Estelle stared at the cozy brick building, “I’ve seen it. I’ve just never been inside.”
The blonde laughed aloud, “You don’t get out much, do you?”
Jabs like those were typical. It was irritating to hear everyone around her question why she didn’t want to go out to all of the hip and happening spots in town. For one, she couldn’t afford them. And for two, she saw no point in going out into the world just to feel lonely.
Lottie grabbed her arm and pulled her towards the door. Estelle gasped aloud as she struggled to not trip over her own feet. Either the woman was eager for lunchtime baked goods or she just had a knack for aggression. While off-putting in some ways, Estelle was intrigued. Something about Lottie was too eager. She wondered if the woman was often alone and was desperate for human contact. It seemed believable that her odd behavior would be a turn off despite her having an otherwise cute and round face.
Sometimes one’s exterior didn’t match their interior. And that was certainly the case with the cafe known as Stonehaven. Despite having the appearance of a cozy, family-run bakery with it’s light-brick walls and stark white awning, the inner walls were dark and gloomy. Greige curtains that appeared more suited for a den of spiders than an eating establishment hung from the windows. And each piece of furniture from the coffee bar counters to the dining tables were a shade of matte black.
Themed cafés were always a hit or miss in Estelle’s eyes. In many cases, she felt they were meant to detract from subpar baked goods and coffee. But one look at the menu— spotting caramel carrot cake donuts —she herself wondered why she hadn’t visited the place sooner.
While Estelle stayed by the entrance, scoping out her selection from a black chalkboard, Lottie waltzed up to the counter slammed her over-sized purse on the countertop. The metal clasps panged into the hard wood and the noise was followed by the scraping of Lottie’s freshly manicured nails.
Alerted by sounds akin to the screams of Hell itself, a barista rushed from a nook at the far end of the bar to greet the blonde woman. The staff’s plan to hide away and ignore their clientele was quickly ruined as Lottie stood at the counter, tapping her heeled boots on the faux concrete floor.
“H-Hi! Welcome to Stonehaven. Uh. Would you, um- What would you like?”
Estelle laughed to herself. Had she worked at a café like this one, she knew she’d be at a loss to maneuver the ins and outs of customer interaction. There were always so many bells and whistles when a simple nod to the preferred food item would be in order. She knew that wouldn’t be possible with the chattier type of clients. And watching Lottie open her mouth, Estelle realised just where the moment was headed.
“Oh how precious! You must be new to working here,” Lottie exclaimed, “Is it your first day? You know, I come here so much I could practically teach you how to run this place.”
The barista released a nervous laugh, “Heh… yeah. It is. Uh. I don’t know if I’m allowed to do that. But, uh… what would you like to order?”
Lottie cackled like a hyena before shaking her head, “Isn’t that just the sweetest thing. But hmm. I’ll have you surprise me. I’ll take whatever you recommend.”
Estelle joined the two by the counter, feeling the tension hit her like a thick layer of clouds. The wider Lottie smiled, the more the barista backed away. At the very least, Estelle could count on Lottie to be entertaining. She certainly had her quirks and the way she made the people around her squirm was… well, it was something of curiosity in any case.
“Uh… well. I guess I could suggest you to try the-”
Before the barista could finish her sentence, Lottie was on the assault, “Vanilla cream donut and sugar-free latte? Delightful.”
Save for the radio playing quiet dark jazz, the room was silent. The barista hovered between the register and the bean press. Her internal programming was on the fritz and she seemingly didn’t know how to recover. She was uncertain if it was the right time to place her own order, but she hoped doing so would help the new hire to reacclimatise.
“And I’ll have a caramel carrot cake donut with black tea.”
“Yeah… okay...” the barista said as she stared into the flashing lights of the brewing machine like it was going to beam her to another dimension. 
Lottie nudged Estelle with her elbow, “Let’s get a seat while we wait.”
The expression on the blonde’s face was one like a spider wrapping a fly in tight webbing. She was increasingly off-putting and it only left Estelle feeling more curious. It was like watching a train dislodge itself from the tracks and barrel down open fields into unventured territory. There was some odd satisfaction in the anxiety induced by her new coworker.
A fireplace encased by grey brick stood by a faux-leather sofa fitted with canvas pillows in muted autumn shades. Lottie plopped down and squirmed into the corner creating shrill squeaks as she dug her tight leggings against the fabric. It seemed that everywhere she went she was creating noises and demanding that all eyes were on her.
Estelle reached her hands out towards the fire before sitting down. The warmth felt calming on her skin. Up until the last year, she had thought she would always be living and breathing among flames— in an artisan setting of course. But like most of her passions, it all came crumbling apart.
“You look so comfortable. Want to jump in?” Lottie cackled.
Assuming she was joking, Estelle smiled, “Yeah… it’d be faster than waiting to get over this cold.”
Lottie stood and hovered behind her, pressing her closer to the fireplace. Estelle gulped. The unpredictable nature of her new coworker was entertaining, but in that moment, she had to wonder if the girl had more nefarious intentions. Those thoughts were quickly shaken from her mind though. She knew how paranoia would often get to her. And this was the middle of a café, not the scene of a slasher film.
Whispering into her ear, Lottie said, “You must miss it, huh? Feeling that heat on your skin.”
Estelle recoiled and sidestepped around the woman. The two locked eyes— Lottie grinned ear to ear. Her complete disinterest in personal space was an issue in itself. But what she said as well was difficult to decipher. It hadn’t crossed Estelle’s mind before that the blonde could have an interest in her, but it would explain her desire to be near and her discomforting words. At least, it was one of the theories Estelle had for her puzzling new friend.
She felt like she was playing a dangerous experiment. The person in her company was deranged. It took a special kind of psychopath to create a thick mist of tense energy everywhere she walked. A ‘normal’ person would run to the hills and get out of there as soon as possible. But Estelle saw it as a fun challenge. And even if she was killed and skinned into a lampshade, she was ready to welcome death.
“Uh. Your food’s done. I’ll put it here.”
Before Estelle had a moment to walk to the counter, Lottie clasped her hand around her wrist, “Aww, but you’re sick. Sit down. I’ll bring it to you.”
“So you can drug me and kill me?” Estelle thought. But she nodded and plopped down onto the faux-leather seating. She was starved and was thankful that Lottie had even offered to pick up the tab. If the woman asked her to sit, beg, and roll over then she figured she could oblige.
Besides, the scent of freshly brewed tea and sickeningly sweet sugar filled the air. She wanted nothing more than to lay back and have her delicious donut delivered directly to her face. It gave her a brief moment out of the clutches of the spider queen herself. 
Seated alone for a moment, the feeling of emptiness returned. Estelle groaned as she melted into the sofa. As much as she told herself she desired to be alone, she was always given those brief glimpses of hope whenever she met someone new. She wanted to feel comfortable on her own. She wished she wasn’t dependant on others for happiness. But left to her own devices, she just wanted to hole away in her apartment and sleep.
She stared into the fireplace once more, hoping for it to burn her retinas. Her heart was pounding and she felt sweat building at the back of her neck. Estelle tried to breathe slowly. Her eyes darted to the exit; she knew escape was only a short dash away but still the feeling of panic was overwhelming her.
Her hand drifted to the chain around her neck. Beneath her blouse, she felt the sigil— the inverted pentagram that he gave her. As she twisted it between her fingers she whispered the words to herself, “Silence… sacrifice… afterlife...” It was seemingly nonsense, but it helped her to clear her mind and release the building anxiety.
“Ave Satanus,” she said quietly, watching Lottie return with their lunch.
With any hope, she would be able to remain calm for the rest of the outing. She was uncertain how Lottie would react if she knew about her fears. One could hope it would bring out an empathetic side. Perhaps they could even use it as a moment to bond. But remembering how the woman got a kick out of seeing the awkward barista squirm, Estelle wasn’t too sure she wanted to take her experiment that far.
“Do you ever feel like you were born in the wrong time period?” Lottie stated as she placed down the food. 
It was an odd thing to say unprovoked, but Estelle was intrigued to play along, “Yeah. I think I’d want to live sometime in the 1900s. Maybe I’d have a cute little shack on a farm, own a few geese, and die of dysentery early.”
Lottie laughed until she wheezed. Her expression then turned cold, “Oh how dull. I believe I was meant to be born in the future. The modern day is just too… limiting. Wouldn’t you say?”
Estelle shrugged and the two went silent. She wanted to kick herself in the leg, but she was afraid that she’d spill the boiling tea in her hands. Spontaneous conversations were never her strong suit. She enjoyed writing letters to pen pals because she had time to sit and stew over her thoughts. But she understood that luxury wouldn’t be awarded in daily life. 
“Right. So. Do you ever wonder what would happen if a riot broke out in the streets? Full fist fights and everything. Sometimes I like to wonder what—”
“Stella,” Lottie interrupted, “Don’t be nervous. Relax. I only bite when provoked.”
Despite being two heads shorter than her, Lottie had intimidation locked down. She couldn’t have been more than sixty kilograms soaking wet. But with enough sheer will and determination, Estelle could imagine her bringing a bodybuilder to his knees crying. The look in her eyes was as deadly as a blade.
“You know, I bet I can guess why you started working at the lodge. I’m really good at guessing games. I’ve even had people tell me I’m psychic,” Lottie sipped her latte, “Crazy, right?”
‘Crazy’ didn’t begin to describe her menacing new friend. But she had Estelle’s emotions torn. Sure, she was pushy and snide, but she had offered a free lunch and offered a ride. Giving people chances was always something that he stressed in his letters and Estelle felt that upholding those ideals would be a noble way to honor him.
Estelle nodded and Lottie began, “Hmm. Such a pretty and whimsical girl running through the mountainsides. Is it a love of wilderness and nature? I bet you hear the cry of birds and feel at home. Well, perhaps for a few hours at least. With long nails like that and smooth delicate skin, I can’t imagine you’re working all too hard.” 
“I guess that’s partially right,” Estelle laughed, “I love bird watching. And it’s a more relaxing job than some-”
Lottie interrupted, “Oh, I wasn’t done.”
Steam wafted against her rosy lips as she stared down Estelle. Her teeth— bleached white like a glowing full moon —scraped against the porcelain creating a gritty screech. That feeling of anxiety pounding in Estelle’s chest flared up again as she listened to her new friend's words.
“That would all be romantic if that were the only reason, wouldn’t it? To be wild and free— to live without the hoards of worries that plague you. Mmm, but you also took the job out of desperation. We all have our bills. But perhaps you had a few extra. And you had just quit your last employment. Oh, and that was supposed to be the passionate career you’d work in until you were grey and old.”
Estelle’s fingers punctured her donut, dripping caramel cream onto her lap. The sugary mess could wait— she first wanted to know what Lottie meant by her words. She was certain she hadn’t mentioned any personal details to anyone at the lodge. She was the kind of person who refrained from saying anything unless a direct question was asked. And even then, she was careful what she divulged.
Cackling, Lottie leaned in close to her and wiped the cream from Estelle’s lap. It was hard to remain calm as the blonde locked eyes with her and raked her nails against the fabric of her pants. That feeling of dread— of being trapped —it had all returned and Estelle had to wonder if she’d make it out of the café without having a panic attack. 
“Lighten up a bit,” Lottie said, “I’m just a really good guesser. I could make a killing as a psychic though. Would you pay to hear your fortune?”
Frozen solid, Estelle was ready to let her tea turn cold and sit waiting until the coming of the next apocalypse. If there was ever a moment for every nuclear power plant on the planet to burst and turn the Earth into a toxic wasteland, Estelle hoped it would come right then.
But the bell on the café door chimed. And the fact that more customers were pouring in meant that not only was the world unlikely to be ending, but that the tension would need to be resolved.  Her lips trembled, but she tried to speak.
“Yeah. Sure,” Estelle cleared her throat, “What else can you ‘guess’ about me?”
The smile that spread onto Lottie’s face was one of a tyrant peering down at their subjects. Estelle was in her domain now. She had invited a challenge far too fearsome. And she was already feeling regret from her question. She could have asked how her coffee was. Or she could have debated whether the walls were grayish blue or bluish grey. But instead she went right back to the menacing woman’s guessing game. 
“Oh, you’re a fun target. You squirm like a caged owl without me having to say much at all,” Lottie say back in her seat, “But where do I even begin? Do I talk about the welding apprenticeship you quit because you were ‘too sad’ to continue? Should I delve into your love of writing incessant rantings about your worthless existence all the while glueing gaudy stickers all over your-”
Estelle jumped up from the sofa. Her porcelain cup crashed to the floor, sending hot tea splashing against the matte flooring. All eyes were on her— the barista, customer, and the spidery queen herself. But Estelle kept her head down and ran for the door.
“My dear Stella,” Lottie called out, “You haven’t finished your lunch. You know, I thought it was odd that you ordered such a decadent meal. Aren’t soup cans and noodle packs more of your niche? Well, I suppose if it’s on someone else’s dime.”
Those words lingered in Estelle’s mind. She was wheezing and unable to breathe. As she pushed open the front door, she clutched onto her neck. Her pulse throbbed. “Silence… sacrifice… afterlife...” 
If Lottie’s master plan was to make her feel weak and small like an insect, she had succeeded. Complete and total chaos had overwhelmed Estelle. And nothing in that moment was more urgent than getting as far away as her tormentor as possible. She ripped open her van door, shoved her keys into the ignition, back out of the lot like she was preparing for a street race.
The only thing keeping her from breaking down were her words of power. And as she finally reached her apartment she concluded with, “Ave Satanus.”
IV — Tonight’s Decision
One finger hovered over the call button while another held firmly onto the door handle. Estelle had made it home and she was certain she wasn’t followed. But she still couldn’t shake the feeling that Lottie wasn’t too far behind. After all, she knew way too much information for someone who was only a new coworker.
Naamah squawked from the top of her tiny lungs. And those shrill sounds were about the only thing that could ease Estelle as she slid her back against the door. She dropped to the ground with a thump and shook. She was frightened and devastated. But most of all, she wanted to hear his voice.
But she turned off her phone. He was no longer around to save her from the monsters in the night. This was a battle she needed to handle on her own. And while Estelle was content staying locked in her apartment forever, she knew the result of her agoraphobic ways far too well. 
Estelle crawled across the dusty floor, scraping her knees against loose nails and pebbles. The pain meant little to her. If anything, it was a comfort that took her mind away from the situation. But she remembered her promise. Instead of seeking escape in pain, she needed to use her words of power and look towards the altar.
She felt as if she had the body of a marionette being pulled along by strings. Her eyes were locked on the strips of braided metal that rose to a sharp point. Like a bed of metallic thorns, the outer edges of the altar protected all that stood inside— books, jars of murky liquids, and a pen that doubled as a letter-opener.
Her eyes grew wide as she gazed upon her creation. The memories of that day came rushing back to her. She thought of the torch and the way that those flames flickered like the fires of hell. When she pointed the hose towards the metal and sparks flew, she sealed that heat and passion into the altar itself. And he watched over her the entire time.
It was the first time they had met in person. Had the owner known she brought unauthorized people into the welding shop, he would’ve fired her weeks sooner. But Estelle had no regrets. That she was even able to see her penpal’s face once before he was gone meant everything to her.
He had taught her how to ease her mind and her worries. The books he sent her and the messages he taught her— they enabled her to fight any battle. But Estelle had to wonder the true nature of this war. Aside from being a general slacker, Estelle hadn’t done anything to attract a stalker. At least, not to her knowledge.  
She gripped the sharp metal ledges and pulled herself to her feet. Her fingers slid across the text of a large reddish book— The Satanic Bible. Estelle flipped through the pages, seeking guidance. And she knew in that moment that turning-the-other-cheek while Lottie continued to discomfort her was the first of her many mistakes.
Estelle breathed in deeply. She couldn’t turn back time. And if she could, she wouldn’t waste such an ability on someone like her new coworker. Her current goal was to ease and soothe all that had happened. But a thought lingered in the back of her mind— vengeance.
It had always been difficult for Estelle to stand up for herself. She had often relied on the kindness of others. And when they failed to give it, she only closed off and turned her body inwards. Her cowardice was something that held her back from advancing in all of the areas she dreamed. And in many cases, she’d rather hide away from reality than face it.
But the day he sat with her to build the altar was the day she made a promise. And it wasn’t only a promise to him, but something she told herself as well. She wanted to be strong enough to stand on her own. She wanted to be able to speak her mind and defend herself. And she didn’t wish to live in fear of consequences.
She reached for a flask and uncorked the murky liquid. It smelled like gasoline and tasted like piss. Estelle chugged it down in its entirety. She wanted to lower her inhibitions. She wanted to drown her worries and fears. But she still needed to remain in control. Looking over at Naamah, the bird had turned silent. Even she could sense the tension brewing. 
Estelle’s throat burned. The concoction of booze and caffeine supplements was meant to keep her wired while dulling her anxiety. And as she took her pen in hand, she was ready to begin the ritual. 
It wasn’t how she imagined a ‘ritual’ truly looked. Though, before meeting him, she had an entirely different view of what spells and witches were. The images of pointy hats and brooms were removed from her mind. What she found instead was that the power of ‘magic’ was something the user created for themselves.
For so long, she had felt beaten and broken down. To have an outlet to develop inner power was the first step she believed she needed to healing and moving on. But it was a thing easier said than done. And as her pen hovered over a loose sheet of paper, Estelle was at a loss of words. 
There was so much pressing on her mind— work, bills, and now psycho Lottie. But out of all of that, the only one that truly weighed on her deeply was that he was gone. Had she been able to write a letter to him, she believed he would have all of the answers to her problems. He’d set her up with plans and strategies to get through each day. He’d probably even offer advice for how to deal with a stalker and have to taken far away. But without his words, Estelle doubted what she could do herself.
Within the piles of books and letters, she had the obituary notice. Looking at it was a constant reminder that he could never be there to help her again. As much as she wished that she could beg him to be there at her side, that was a desire that no amount of magic could fulfill.
Death was final. It was final for him. He could never come back. But she was left in a constant state of mourning. And she knew that even if she were to die herself, there would be no romantic reunion. She would become food for worms just as he was.
From her window, Estelle caught a glimpse of a bright flash of headlights. Night had already fallen in the time that she spent stewing in her fears. She didn’t want to know what messages had been left by her boss. If this meant termination, she accepted it. This was time she needed to solve her woes— and that started with working up the courage to stand up to Lottie.
She knew she had to be overthinking it. All she had to do was tell the woman to stay away from her. If she refused to listen, she was unreasonable. And as long as the people around her believed her, she would have no issue outing Lottie as the creep she was. After seeing how Lottie acted even towards the cashier, she couldn’t imagine she was the only one that found her behavior off-putting.
On the sheet of paper, she jotted down everything she wished to say to the woman. She imagined that Lottie was seated before her and she was able to express all that came to mind. All the anger and fear she felt around the spidery coworker was able to be released— and that in itself was helpful.
True, it was a lot easier to write words on a piece of paper than it was to say to someone’s face. But this was the first step. She needed to prepare the words before she could give them power. And in order to give them power, she first needed to have strength herself.  
A chill overwhelmed her body. The window was shut tightly as was the front door. But still she felt a cold draft in the air. Estelle hugged onto her body, trying to stay warm. Every moment she failed to focus was a moment the ritual was stalled. She closed her eyes and attempted to remember and repeat what she had written.
Knock… knock… knock…
Naamah shrieked. Estelle collapsed to the ground and crawled beneath the altar. As her heart pounded, she looked towards the window. She was on the second story, but she wondered how possible it would be to shimmy down the side of the building to flee.
She shook her head. This was exactly what the ritual had meant to do. It was to give her the courage needed to face the uncertainties that frightened her. And she needed to assure herself that there was no harm coming her way. The knock could’ve been a neighbor or late parcel deliverer.
“Yes!? Who’s there-”
The knocking intensified, but there was no response given. Estelle crawled towards the door. She tried to remain silent as she moved. But she stopped herself. This was no time to stay meek and mild. She stood to her feet and exhaled out of her nose. Confidence— she wanted the ritual to mean something.
On the front door sat a peephole. She wanted to peek and see who was pounding on her door just after sundown. Standing on the tip of her toes, Estelle checked on her visitor and her heart sank.
Those wide blue eyes were just centimeters away on the other side of the glass. Estelle’s body froze as if she was entangled in vines. Of all people to be waiting on the other side of her door. “It just had to be Lottie...”
That feeling of dread returned. Estelle wanted to hide away and forget that her tormentor was behind a sheet of wood. But she recalled the mantra and the words she wrote. Whatever Lottie had to say, she was prepared to put her in her place. She was going to live up to her promises.
As Estelle flicked the lock, she heard Lottie’s sugary voice, “You left so abruptly, Stella. And you made such a mess in your wake. Why is it that you’re incapable of getting through anything without destroying everything around you?”
Gritting her teeth and holding the door shut, Estelle responded, “Look, you psychopath. I don’t know what your deal is and I don’t know how you have so much dirt dug up on me, but I’m not playing your games. Whatever you’re after, you can forget it. I don’t owe you anything.”
As she slid open the door, she saw saw Lottie’s grinning face. For someone who had been told off, she seemed rather pleased. Estelle knew that the woman liked getting a rise out of people. But this would have to be her last bit of ‘fun’ because Estelle was focused on her goal. The ritual made her feel stronger.
“Oh, Stella,” the woman’s face contorted inward, “You owe me so much more than you know.”
Lottie tried to push her way forward. Estelle had her arm stretched across the doorway, but the woman took that as no sign to stay back. Elbow first, she shoved her way inside, sending Estelle stumbling backwards.
Estelle refused to sit quietly while she was disrespected in her own home. Lottie came at her like a spoiled child deprived of her toys. She slapped and swatted her way forward. And despite trying to deflect her blows, Estelle was caught off-balance and fell to the ground with a thump.
The woman jumped on top of her, ripping the cloth from her shirt and digging her nails into her skin. Estelle screamed. She wanted to fight back, but watching Lottie pin her down left her in a state of panic.
While the two women fought, Naamah let out shrill cries and pecked at the door of her cage. It was endearing, Estelle thought, that her bird cared enough for her sake. But sneered at the creature, she had to worry about her motives.
“Will that thing shut up!?” Lottie screamed, “What is with you two and choosing the most annoying of pets!?”
Taken aback by her words Estelle said, “What do you mean by ‘you two’?”
Lottie’s eyes narrowed as she looked at her. Her hands reached for Estelle’s shirt collar. She suspended her neck, causing her to gasp for air as the fabric strangled her. Estelle dug her nails into Lottie’s hand and tore into her skin. But despite the blood gushing down her fingers, she refused to stop.
The eyes peering down at Estelle for those of a madwoman. And it was difficult for her to keep her chest from seizing. She gasped for air. Both the anxiety suppressed her breathing along with her shirt collar being tightly twisted around her neck. She was unable to get oxygen into her lungs and her head was spinning.
With her vision darkening, Estelle wondered if everything would come to an end. She wondered if this would be the night that she, too, would find herself in a patch of dirt beneath the ground. At the very least, she hoped that someone would come around to give a home to Naamah. But besides worrying about her bird, Estelle cared little for what would become of her life.  
“Pathetic!” Lottie screamed, “You should be apologising! You should be begging me to live! Is this how little death means to you!?”
In her attacker’s eyes, Estelle saw tears welling up. Lottie was furious. But that fury came from hurt and Estelle couldn’t pinpoint why the woman held so much malice towards her. She tried to think back and remember what had happened but her mind was blank. She never recalled seeing Lottie during her time at school and she certainly hadn’t worked with her before. Still, somewhere at some time Lottie had to have found herself wronged in some way.
“You’re passive and boring! You have the personality of a slug!” tears streamed down Lottie’s cheeks, “And your the reason… you’re the reason that...”
Lottie loosened her grip Estelle long enough for her to break free. She scrambled away as the blonde sat tripping over her words. Her mind tunneled as she rushed ahead to the altar. She needed its power in that moment— any courage she could muster was needed to protect herself from her tormentor. 
As Estelle’s hands reached the cold metal of altar, she saw Lottie crawling towards her. The woman’s eyes were cold and icy like daggers. And Estelle felt the dark energy she brought with her. She was intent to kill. She lunged at Estelle once more.
“You’re the reason that he’s dead!”
V — Blind Passion
Snow fell from the rooftop and crashed on the porch beside Estelle. She didn’t turn nor was she alerted by the sound. Her eyes were locked onto him and nothing was going to distract her gaze. The way he smiled— the way his eyes met hers —she wished the night would never end.
Freshly welded— the altar was sitting outside to cool. It was her finest work to date and she was thankful that he had come to oversee the process. The design of thorns was one inspired by a poem he had sent her. It was a story of a woman trapped in a field of brambles that tore and shredded her skin. And Estelle wondered if the girl in that story was her.
In the tale, the more the woman tried to scream and run, the more the thorns cut her apart. Her fears were what fed the plant and helped it grow to overtake her. But she was unable to calm herself. And she believed she would be ripped to shreds with no chance of survival.
Though, as the woman stood still for a moment, she noticed that the blood on her arms ceased to flow. It was only when she moved that the thorns cut her. If she were to calm herself and collect her strength, she wondered if she could be free.
“The altar’s your throne. It’s your domain. Everything you wish and desire— you can make it a reality,” the man said.
Estelle tilted her head, “This ‘magic’ isn’t even real. How can it give me anything I want?”
“You’re thinking of it all wrong,” he laughed, “When you perform a spell or ritual, it’s not about mana, elements, or gods. That shit’s fantasy. But the strength of the mind, that’s where your power comes from.”
Her heart pounded as she watched him laugh. He was like a serpent hissing in anticipation of striking his prey. And even when she failed to understand the concepts he taught her, she was comforted by his words alone. Satan— had she been asked just months ago what that word meant she would have thought of biblical verses depicting fire and brimstone. But what she learned was something far more.
“It turned out great though. You’re really talented with this stuff,” he said as he stroked his hand against the metal thorns, “You have a lot of passion built up. You should express it more.”
“Eh. I have the energy to do this kind of stuff in short bursts. But give me a few months and I can probably make one for you too.”
He laughed but shook his head, “Nah. An altar should always be personal. It means more when you make it yourself, I think. Besides, it’s not only inanimate objects that can be an altar.”
“Mmm?” Estelle said.
His response came not with words but with the way his eyes ran down her body. She moved closer to him, feeling his warm breath against her neck. As his hands traced down the buttons of her shirt, Estelle whimpered. She wanted this moment to last forever. Even chilled by frost, she felt nothing but heat beside him. 
As his lips pressed against her neck, Estelle moaned, “Is this… is this okay?”
He raised his head and looked into her eyes, “Why do you ask? Do you expect us to do something diabolical?”
She shoved him away with a light push, “You’re ridiculous. Is this another ‘ritual’?”
Locking her fingers together with his, the man pressed himself against her. She fell onto her back and looked up into his eyes. They were black and glossy— she saw her own reflection inside of them. Her breathing had quickened and her face had become flush. For once, she was trapped but still felt safe.
He peered up to the moon overhead, “It’s getting pretty late. My girlfriend will kill me if I’m not back soon.”
Estelle pouted, “Oh. How romantic.”
“I’m just fucking with you,” he laughed.
Her lips pursed tightly together. That laugh was different— it was forced and stained. And it was far from his usual bouts of unfiltered glee. She knew he was lying. It had been her fear from the time they first started writing to each other that he was already in a relationship. But she didn’t want to ask or press the issue. She wanted him to stay close to her.
The man slid his hand down Estelle’s neck and she shivered. He pushed his body closer against hers.
“Are you cold?” he asked as he watched her teeth chatter.
“N- no. I- I just-”
His eyes turned sharp like a prowling wolf. As he leaned over her, his hair draped over her face, blocking out the light. The silky black tendrils skimmed across her skin as he kissed his way down her neck and unbuttoned her blouse. Estelle’s body felt like it was on fire even as she lost more of her clothing.
With their bare bodies pressed skin to skin, the man drew a symbol onto Estelle’s stomach with his fingers. The cross of Leviathan— two horizontal lines above a symbol of infinity. She had goosebumps as she felt his smooth touch. And she desired to have more.
“Misha. Please,” she begged, “I need to know. Do you really have a girlfriend?”
He halted and then nodded, “Yeah… I figured it wasn’t important to bring up. That whole thing is complicated. But this is-”
Estelle groaned, “Seriously? So I’m the other woman in all of this? You know, for everything we discussed, I thought it was weird that you wouldn’t talk about relationships.”
Misha sat up and sighed, “Estelle, I know it sounds like a shit show. That’s why I didn’t want to bring it up. But I just… I don’t know. Sometimes I just want to do things pure and raw. You mean a lot to me. It’s all been spontaneous, but that’s what I love about it.”
“You still could’ve said something. And if this truly means something, why didn’t you break up with her?”
“It’s not that easy. She gets...” he sighed, “Well, I bet you think I’m a piece of shit now anyway.”
Estelle rolled her eyes, “Let’s count the infractions. You’ve lied to me now about your relationship. And you’ve taken me down a path with the devil. You’ve even committed the grave crime of failing to put stickers in your letters even though I’ve sent you over fifteen packs by now. You’re truly an evil person.”
He laughed, “You joke about it, but I don’t get the sense that you forgive me.”
“Of course not. You have to make to up to me.”
Estelle’s heart pounded. It was only around him that she felt so confident. She could joke and laugh to her heart’s content. And she no longer felt as if all of her emotions were dulled. He was imperfect in many ways and that frustrated her. But for everything that made her angry, she found ten more reasons why he meant everything to her.
“I can buy new cage toys for Naamah and Balaam. Maybe we can get the two of them to finally meet in person as well.”
“That’s a start,” Estelle smiled, “But I need you to give me more than that.”
His eyes widened as her tongue gilded against her glossy red lips. He lunged towards her and pressed his chest against her body. Estelle moaned as he kissed down her breasts and held her thighs in place. His dark eyes locked onto hers once more and her breathing halted.
In that moment, she desired to feel him encompass every part of her body. He had taught her many rituals— ones of compassion and destruction. But what she wished to feel was a ritual with body of their bodies entwined experiencing the most primal of pleasures.   
VI — Coming to Terms
Estelle’s breathing was thick. Her lungs both felt like they were frozen and on fire all at once. She knew she needed to calm herself in order to get oxygen to her brain. But she was unable to sit still without her body shaking. Thoughts raced through her mind. It was hard to fathom what she had just done.
In her hands was the statue of Baphomet, drenched in blood. And lying on the ground was Lottie with a hole in her skull. 
The moment had all happened so fast. In one moment, she saw the woman lunged at her. Her nostrils flared like a wild hog and she reached her nails forward. It was out of instinct— one last desire for self-preservation —that Estelle stood and reached for the statue.
As she looked at Lottie, she whispered to herself, “Hail Satan.”
The ritual was complete. Though, she had to wonder at what cost. No matter which way she split it, she had a corpse in the middle of her bedroom floor. Even Naamah remained silent. There was no backing out or recovering. Lottie was dead in her home and she was the one responsible. 
Estelle ran her fingers through her long auburn hair. Her body shook to her core. “I’m not a murderer,” she told herself, “This was self defence.”
She recalled a line she read in the Satanic Bible. There were verses that dealt with destruction rituals. And the key phrase that she remembered was to never perform the ritual unless one was fully prepared to accept the consequences. Estelle had to wonder if she ever gave it the proper thought.
It was a hard thing to admit, but she'd killed thoughtlessly. She saw Lottie’s wide blue eyes staring her down and her only thought was to flee and protect herself. But instead of running, Estelle chose to fight back. If she were to leave the woman to her own devices, she knew Lottie would stop at nothing to hunt her down and kill her.
Pounding her head against the metal altar, Estelle closed her eyes and focused. She had her words of power. And she needed them to make her peace. She had no love for Lottie. But she couldn’t say she had much love for killing either. It just so happened that the two came together. 
Naamah let out a meek squawk. Estelle rose to her feet and approached the cage. She smiled to her feathery friend. “What I wouldn’t give to be able to sprout wings and fly away.” But she knew something like that was far beyond what magic would do for her. 
Knowing she couldn’t stall any longer, Estelle dialed the number for the police. She’d explain her story and the truth of what happened. And if she were to do time? There was at least the satisfaction that she didn’t hide and run. She felt confident enough to take on anyone and anything— even a jail sentence.
“It was self-defence. It was self-defence,” Estelle repeated as her mantra. Morality felt so fleeting and she found herself becoming more lost as she waited for the police to arrive. Part of her felt proud for finally standing up to someone. And another part of her felt like a monster.
She fell down to her knees. As she collapsed to the ground, she sobbed. She didn’t want to believe that this was the end, but she didn’t see any path to take next. She wished she had Misha beside her to guide her. If he were there he’d-
“No,” Estelle whispered to herself as she wiped her tears.
Her eyes drifted to Lottie’s lifeless body. She couldn’t hide from the truth any longer. And she couldn’t run from her fears. She thought back to the ritual. If it were truly like he said and magic was based on the power inside of her herself, she had to stay strong. No matter how much it hurt and no matter how much she wanted to curl up and cry, Estelle knew that this was her moment to fully indulge in the power the ritual gave her.
“Silence… sacrifice… afterlife.”
Sirens sounded from the parking lot of the apartment complex. And car door shut with a loud pang. Estelle knew the police would soon arrive, but she was calm. Part of it was because she was numb. But she also felt confident. Whatever would happen and whatever the authorities would say, she believed in her own abilities.
“Ave Satanus,” she said as she heard boots pounding up the stairwell.
